hey what's up guys so today I have day 1
walkthrough saws and today it is on 2 by
2 now before I get started on my 2x2
rock through sobs I would like to say
that number one the scrambles would be
in the description and number two that
basically what this series is gonna be
is I'm going to do a walk through solve
on a certain puzzle every day this week
this week is my midterm week but I still
wanted to have videos going out so that
is what's happening they're also going
to be very now I wouldn't say poorly but
very little edited so they're just gonna
be some simple walk through saws
sometimes it might be like three
walkthrough solves sometimes it might be
one it all depends but today I'm going
to do two by two and it is only going to
be on and it's only going to be three
walked ourselves so here's the first
scramble and what I would probably do
here is the red we've got this whole
chunk done here I use Ortega by the way
so what I would do is go like that and I
get this case why these two and these
two so I do that algorithm and then we
have this and it's finished next we have
this scramble and what I would probably
do here is green so we have this piece
that will be inserted then this one and
we will get an easy oh ll and then we
have this case right here which is
probably one of my least favorite on two
by two then the last one we have
this scramble again all of these will be
in the description and let's see what
we're gonna do okay so what I would do
is I'd bring this piece down then insert
that one and you get another easy lll
and then we get my least-favorite
algorithm for 2x2 so those are my three
very quick walk through solace and yet
if you have any tips for me on how to
improve let me know by the way this is
the fangshi 2x2 and I do know I have to
remove that sticker I'm just too lazy to
do that but thank you guys so much for
watching and stay tuned for tomorrow
walk
tomorrow's walkthrough solves on 3x3